docs: refactor pages and rewrite installation (#1014)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK: .docs/content/0.armonik/components/3.armonik/3.ingress.md

# Ingress

## Description

> Ingress is a Kubernetes resource that allows you to expose HTTP and HTTPS routes from outside the cluster to services within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingress is a Kubernetes resource that exposes HTTP and HTTPS routes from outside the cluster to services within the cluster.
```

::alert{type="info"}

> You can learn more about Ingress [on the official documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/).

Reviewer: Would be useful to link to Nginx as well, as we use that for Ingress
